mankind has always been fascinated by
the thought of traveling in time over
the centuries live in all kinds of ideas
about how it could be done but of course
time travel is impossible or is it this
is the story of Holcomb noticed a man
who claims to have visited the future yo
Roberto Vittori alarm or commando Rohini
churches have a phone so we won't see
some muscle at tempo go with ro take
that I'm paying off Lord I'm the disco
no sir I'm directing you know I window
burrr burrr unagi aromas are underwater
free also long thin narrow no take a fun
feature painted on our bar come langa
langa this you tell us also bill used so
you can still number para a horrified
FSMA 12 a summer work with the Lassonde
it would be very easy to dismiss for
commute fist as a liar if it wasn't for
this it's on some TV bottle fill title I
come in to pour a piece of tape a
certain for come through for us a doom a
Mobius I can feel mother Vistula
Oh chef Soweto al are elected to work
just for you your smells
let's suppose for a moment that hooker
noticed is telling the truth if so is
there an explanation
we asked Hans Carlsen professor in
theoretical physics it is in Mossad - II
oh I'm at a site even in Ferrante we're
treating paradox history against after
whole hysteria King Moscow Lee NJ and
very Milan for Glatzer Universal in
physique as long as good as Octavia disk
on August or Sunday care to mislead into
service to men to ask for second offense
I can't all father I married about a
visa from a fella a fancier of your
climate are they have guilt Sephora for
summer meal hokum new tryst stands by
his claim and scientists can't
completely dismiss his story even sir
the question remains is this really
possible as Albert Einstein once said
the most beautiful thing we can
experience is the mysterious it's the
source of all true science